Dr. Lee Lipsenthal has dedicated his career
to assisting other doctors and nurses
to find their sanity in the insane world of medicine.
With the strong belief that the majority of doctors
enter the field for altruistic reasons,
he says the odds start stacking up
against their happiness and well-being
by the time they graduate from medical school.
(gentle music)
What intrigued me about your work
is that you're the person that's trying to bring
the sanity and the heart back to the medical profession,
and you would know this because you're an MD yourself,
and you've worked in some really interesting institutions
in the past, such as the Heartmath Institute
with Dean Ornish, and so forth.
So, let's talk about where medicine is today,
because by a lot of our viewers
it's really being demonized now.
Well, I understand why they demonize it,
because the experience is not good.
The system is a mess,
and just getting into the system is difficult,
you know, like in any situation,
with the voicemails, you know,
the trains are trying to get into an appointment,
people are overscheduled,
so I understand the demonization of it.
The practitioners themselves are in no way demons.
They really are truly trying to do a good job.
Some do well, some don't, but they're still trying.
The heart is there, the presence is there,
the intention is there to do a good job,
and demonizing just has no value anymore.
For the average person,
the person listening to this conversation today,
I would say, find a physician that you can resonate with.
Find a practitioner that you can resonate with,
and work with that person.
It's like any other environment.
If you go to a shop to purchase something
and you don't like the people there, don't go back.
Yeah, very true.
I mean, it reallly is that simple.
Well, let's talk first of all,
I think it's nice to establish some kind of understanding.
It's always good to walk in someone else's shoes.
So let's talk about what people in the medical profession
are up against these days,
because everything I hear from younger doctors
versus doctors who practiced 50 years ago
and made house calls,
it's a really different world,
there are a lot of different pressures.
Give us a profile of what it's like
to go through medical school, get out,
and start a practice or go into an HMO now.
So I'm going to paint you a very broad picture of that.
The first piece, getting into practice,
the average medical school graduate has a $180,000 debt.
They're, generally speaking, in their late 20s
by the time they finish their training, or early 30s.
With that significant debt,
they've never had really good employment,
their residency programs pay them minimum wage, in essence,
for roughly a 70-hour week.
So they have this huge amount of debt
at a time when they're generally trying
to build a family and have a life.
So their financial pressures are huge
coming out of their training.
In addition to that, the performance pressures are huge.
Physicians today are measured,
there's a term called "pay for performance."
You're actually measured by your clinical outcomes,
which sounds good at a basic level,
but can you imagine if a car repair person was measured
for the quality of the work they did,
not for having just done the job?
Now, again, some of your listeners
may be offended by that statement,
because doctors are not repairing cars,
but we're working in a gray zone,
where you often don't know what's going on.
You have an inkling of what the diagnosis might be
or what the treatment might be,
or there may be 10 or 20 different potential treatments
for any health cause.
So the decision process is not just black and white,
and yet you're judged on that basis, okay?
So you have that, you have the financial pressures,
the pressures of generally starting a family
when you're first getting out,
and then you're stuck in most environments
wth anywhere from a 10 to 15 minute office visit,
which no physician would find appropriate or reasonable.
It's the pressure of the employer in that case,
because frankly, most docs are now employed,
the pressure of the employer
to "crank 'em out," if you will.
So the new physician coming into practice
is faced with a plethora of stresses and pressures,
and it's very, very difficult for them to get started.
Let's pick up on a thread you were talking about
a moment ago that they're actually paid for performance,
which is a highly subjective thing,
and also, wouldn't that,
because you only have 10 or 15 minutes with the patient,
wouldn't that have to start showing itself
as the relief of the symptoms, almost?
Well, it shows itself as the relief of the symptoms,
but that's not really true.
In the environments that use paper performance,
the highly-managed environments,
it's more about the numbers.
How low is the cholesterol?
How well-controlled is the diabetes?
Not how the patient experienced the visit, okay?
Whereas if you look at
actual patient satisfaction with their visits,
it's a relationship-based experience.
Absolutely.
So it's, "How did I like this person?"
"Did I learn from this person?"
"Do I feel motivated to make change in my life
because of this person that I was with, this physician?"
So paper performance and the physician-patient relationship
sometimes are actually at odds.
Yeah, that makes total sense.
I mean, you can give someone a drug
and bring a particular stat theyr'e looking for down,
but that doesn't mean you've got a relationship
and maybe even a healthy lifestyle shift
with the patient, right?
Right, so the end product for the patient
may be in fact something that's not desirable.
There's an interesting study
just very recently in the past few months
looking at diabetic control in that kind of model,
and the people who were very tightly-controlled
actually did not live longer and had more complications
from their diabetes in the long run.
So these numbers that we use
may not even be appropriate numbers.
They're just general numbers based on populations.
So for the individual, they may actually have no relevance.
So the physician is up against all of these issues.
How they're measured, the time pressures,
the performance pressures,
and it makes it a very difficult situation
to develop a real relationship with an individual.
Absolutely, well what's happening,
even taking it further back to the decision-making process?
Are there still a lot of people
lining up for this out of naivety
and not knowing what the reality of their job
as a medical doctor is going to be?
Is it still desirable?
The answer is yes and no.
The people that are coming to med school now
are a very different group
than the people who came to medicine before.
In 1960s, let's say, 1970s,
medicine was a high-money, prestigious thing.
I was struck by a young Indian student who came to me
embarrassed that he wanted to go to med school,
because both of his parents wanted him to be engineers.
Uh-huh.
You wouldn't have seen that 30 years ago.
Right.
So medicine doesn't have the prestige
that it used to have.
So the person who's dedicated or driven to go into medicine
in many ways is truly a caregiver,
and I'm actually frankly delighted by that.
Yeah.
They're not there for the money.
If you went into medicine to make money, good luck.
It's a foolish endeavor.
No, and really, that's true.
It's just not happening anymore.
Oh, it's just not happening that way anymore.
Really.
Whereas you really need to enter for the passion,
the desire to take care of other people,
the desire to take care of people
either in a population or a one-on-one basis.
The desire to do non-profit work
is a big driver for many young medical students today.
And again, what this does for me is it gives me great hope,
because the type of person who's going into medicine today
is truly going into medicine for healthy reasons,
for service reasons,
because, with $180,000 debt after your training
and an average income, let's say for a pediatrician,
of $130,000 a year, it ain't easy.
Not after eight years of schooling,
with that big debt you're carrying,
and also, there are people who don't even
make it through the experience.
I was reading one of your newsletters recently
and you were talking,
because you're talking to healthcare professionals
about how to find balance in their own lives
because their lives are so out of balance
with these pressures.
And you were talking about the most at-risk people
being young women, female residents,
where you're even talking suicides,
because they can't balance family.
Mm-hmm, the highest suicide rate, unfortunately,
in medicine, is women between the age 35 and 40,
and the setup for that is the huge financial pressure,
the pressure from the medical system for high performance,
the internal pressure, if they are parents,
to be a good parent, a complete parent, if you will,
and because of the busyness of a medical life,
it's really impossible to be a complete parent
and to be a doctor that meets
the standard of being the doctor.
Now, 80-90% of physicians are perfectionists,
and if you give that impossible task to a perfectionist,
the outcome is going to be
anxiety, frustration, and depression.
And for that reason, it's why women
have the highest suicide rates.
Men, it's a little bit less, because the social pressures
about parenthood are less for men than they are for women.
And again, that's why you see
such a disturbing suicide rate in that population.
You were talking a moment ago
about the new doctor, the young person
going into medicine today,
and let's talk about that and how it interfaces
with what has been called alternative medicine.
What kind of trends are you seeing away from just,
"It's out of the textbook, I'm not looking at anything else,
I'm doing what I'm told to do," to what you're seeing,
what are you seeing now?
Well, the beauty and the nice thing
and the thrilling thing for me
is that alternative medicine is a term
that happened 20+ years ago,
when it really was an "us versus them."
The "us," in my case, I actually have been a bridge,
so I don't know that I was ever on either side,
but you know, I was teaching yoga
to heart patients 30 years ago.
That was an "us versus them" scenario.
And you were a young MD at that time.
Yeah, and you know, I was just in practice,
but telling them to meditate, to do yoga,
to eat vegetarian diets, these sort of things,
which was very outside the box then; today it's mainstream.
Yeah.
That's a significant shift.
One of the reasons I stopped doing research in that area
was because I was exercising, watching a baseball game,
and an advertisement came on for the local fitness center,
the Mountain Fitness Center,
yoga classes for heart patients.
And I knew at that point,
I didn't need to research that anymore.
It was just being done.
So what's happened in the last 20 or 30 years
is we've moved from a scenario
where these things that once were alternative
are now very often mainstream.
Yoga's a good example of that.
Meditation is a very good example of that.
Acupuncture is a very good example of that.
That these things are offered in most communities nowadays.
So, there really isn't an "us or them" mentality anymore.
The beauty of today's medical student,
they want to know what works for their patient.
Mm-hmm.
They don't care where it came from.
Whether it came from Asia,
whether it came from South America,
whether it came from New York,
they don't care, as long as it works for their patient.
So in many ways, to the medical student,
the 25-year-old of today, there is no "alternative."
It's just healthcare.
How does that move
with the dictates of the hospital and hospital protocol
and, as we all know, the pharmaceutical links
to the hospitals, to the continuing education
of MDs and so forth,
how does Big Pharma fit in with a 25-year-old
who wants to do what works for their patient
and it may not mean drug therapy.
I will raise a very simple point.
What percent, and I don't know the exact number,
but what percent of Big Pharma owns companies
that make "alternative medicine" herbal products?
(mumbles)
Right, supplements.
Yeah.
Okay, it's huge.
It's huge now.
It's huge.
I would say that, if not all, 99%.
So that world has changed as well.
It's not prescribed, per se, but it's used.
And if you look at the statistical data,
more than half of Americans use
"alternative products" these days.
So, it is becoming big business,
and I'm not an anti-capitalist.
I think that it's reasonable to have a big business,
if it's doing good work.
Well, I mean, in truth,
now we get into some areas that are interesting
because there appear to be conflicts in here,
which is that big pharmaceutical companies, as you say,
have purchased a lot of mom and pop and large
natural food and supplement companies.
Right.
So they're obviously looking
to expand their market share,
because maybe they see the writing on the wall,
but on the other hand, the push
for the use of pharmaceuticals from kindergarten on
is probably more pervasive than ever.
Where do you see this,
where do you see it now and where do you see it going,
because there's conflict here,
it's giving two distinctly different messages to the people
and trying to cash in both ways.
Well, I would say that it truly becomes
up to the American public where it goes.
If the American public keeps buying into the
"Give me the pill and make these symptoms go away" model,
then those Big Pharma companies
producing pharmaceutical drugs for ten-year-olds
are gonna succeed in that mission.
If America says, "No, we don't wanna do that anymore.
I don't want my kid on an anti-depressant
or something against ADD,"
that, " I really wanna work in healthy ways with my family,"
then the Big Pharma doesn't do that,
they'll move more naturally into herbal products, etc.
They'll go where the money is.
So it really becomes our choice.
So what I encourage your listeners, your viewers to do,
is to really make a conscious choice
about how they want to be treated.
Do they wanna walk into a physician's office
and just get a piece of paper written with a pill,
and they can go do that and get treated that way,
or do they want to make conscious decisions?
So they wanna go on the web, do they wanna find resources,
do they wanna learn and be an educated consumer?
And I really encourage your folks to do that,
to be the educated consumer,
and then go to their physician with concise questions.
Not the laundry list,
because in a 15-minute office visit,
20 questions can't work.
Right.
But what are the prime questions
that you have for your clinician?
And then to be educated
about who you ask those questions to.
If I go to a surgeon, and I'm asking questions
about herbal therapy for a non-surgical situation,
it' s not gonna work.
Right, go to the appropriate person.
Go to the appropriate person to ask the question.
Now, how do you do that?
It's sometimes difficult.
Ask your friends.
Who in the community offers services that appeal to me?
Okay?
Look at the holisticboard.org, which is the
American Board of Integrative Holistic Medicine.
They have 1100 docs trained
throughout the U.S. in this arena.
So, look at holisticboard.org
and see if there are docs in your area.
Holistic...
Board.
Board, okay.
.org.
Okay.
See if there are docs trained in this area.
Contact the University of Arizona
Program for Integrative Medicine.
They have 500 fellows (laughs)
that have been trained in integrative medicine.
Find out who in your neighborhood
delivers that service as well.
What about naturopaths?
Naturopaths, fantastic.
There's huge variants in state-to-state regulations
around naturopathy.
We're very lucky, in California,
that they're actually given full licensure at this point.
It's in a trial phase, but it's going well.
Naturopaths, there's two levels of naturopathy,
there's the four-year naturopaths
and the two-year trained naturopaths.
I do think there's a qualitative difference between the two.
Personal preference, and I hope to offend no one,
but I think I would choose someone
who's gone through the four-year training
from a Bastyr University or one of the four-year colleges.
But naturopaths look at nutrition.
They look at lifestyle.
They look at health education.
And that's their primary mission,
and I really encourage that.
Osteopathy.
Yes.
Fantastic.
Mm-hmm.
Don't go to an osteopath,
again, if this is your preference,
don't go to an osteopath who just wants to be an MD
but happened to go to a DO school.
Go to an osteopath who knows manual therapy.
Manual therapy is a fantastic treatment
for many, many structural issues and other health issues.
There are great osteopaths
who do fantastic work with manual therapy.
They're out there, they're well-trained.
Every one of them had it in school;
whether they bring it into their practice or not
is a personal choice for them.
So, osteopaths, naturopaths,
very, very useful.
There are clinicians out there that I am concerned about,
mostly based on the individual, not their training.
Right.
Okay.
There are very sparsely-trained people
that do phenomenal work. (laughs)
And there are people who have incredible training
who do terrible work, and that includes some MDs and DOs.
Yeah.
So, really, it's finding the individual who you can trust
through your family recommendations,
recommendations of friends,
and then your personal experience with the individual.
So it really comes down to,
like everything else in life,
you have to take a high degree of personal responsibility
if you're going to enlist the support
of any other human being
to help you with your health and the health of your family.
And Regina, I will amplify that many, many times.
It takes a high degree of responsibility to be healthy.
Yes.
You can't be lazy about health.
Yeah.
Okay, if you expect someone to write you a pill,
give you a script, give you an herb,
stick needles in your acupuncture points,
and you're gonna get better, good luck.
And I say that with a bit of a dogmatic stance,
because you really do need
to take responsibility for your health,
that you need to eat well, you need to exercise well,
you need to have love in your life
and relationships in your life that work.
And if you have trouble with that, as many people do,
work with a therapist to learn how to do those things.
These are learnable skills, if you will.
But take the responsiblity.
The individual responsibility is so important.
The day of the guru doc
who tells you everything you need to do,
is dead, because it doesn't work.
The day of individual responsibility for the patient
is alive and growing,
and I really can't say that loudly enough.
I couldn't agree more
with everything you just said
and you've given us a wonderful directory
of different types of practitioners to find,
to work with.
But what happens to a person
that's more or less with an HMO,
their work is paying for it, they're stuck,
and they cannot seem to find
the kind of people that are open to new ideas.
What do you do?
Well, from a financial perspective they are stuck.
If you really can't afford
to go outside of that existing system
and that's the only system
that's available to you financially,
honestly you are stuck.
However, you're not stuck as far as your own
personal responsibility, your own lifestyle choices.
Practicing yoga or meditation is cheap,
and free (laughs) for many.
That's right, absolutely.
Exercising is free, going out for a walk is free.
Choosing vegetables over pork is free, (laughs), okay?
So, even though you may be stuck
from a medical delivery perspective,
you're not stuck from a personal perspective.
The other beauty that exists today
that didn't exist 10 or 15 years ago
is there's so much good information on the web.
Yes.
You can go to a good web source
and learn about your health issues or concerns,
and then take proactive lifestyle measures
in that direction without ever having to see a practitioner.
So there's so many good resources,
but if you are stuck in that way,
you really are challenged to do the work yourself.
And, as you were saying earlier,
at least there's hope for the future as these young people
that are totally demanding and embracing
new health practices, new healing practices.
As they start becoming more mature
and the real backbone of these HMOs in the future,
they're going to probably
have more available to them, right?
Right, there' s question that
as the new doc goes into the system,
and especially I'm very optimistic about the Gen Y doc,
even though they're not quite there yet,
you know the people that are under 25 now?
They're very open and very service-based,
and it's beautiful to watch.
They're also very technically-savvy,
so they're gonna access information.
But in addition to that, I wanna make another point.
The healthcare of the future is not gonna be based
on the one-and-one physicial-patient visit.
And the reason I say that, it's too expensive.
And the population is growing at a rate
where that's not affordable,
because number of doctors is not growing
at an equivalent rate.
So it becomes impossible to make that
the basis of healthcare.
If you look at some of the models
of "disease management for large populations,"
nurse case management, health coaching,
these things actually become extraordinarily effective.
And the educated health consumer, if you will,
who can go online, read, and learn,
and be wise walking into any of those visits,
does so much better than the person
who just blindly walks in and says,
"What should I do, doc?"
and that's the end of the conversation.
So, it's gonna change.
We're not gonna be one-to-one,
doc-patient visits in the future,
mostly because it's not affordable for the mass population.
Right.
And frankly, that may be better, because that creates
a paternalistic viewpoint towards the patient,
"I'm the doctor, I know the answer.
You're the patient, you're supposed to listen to me."
That's right.
I don't think that's healthy anyhow.
So, I think we may be moving in a better direction,
it's just not gonna be what it looked like 20 years ago.
So when you have nurses groups
that you work with and consult,
and you have also doctors you work with,
what are you hearing,
now going back to put ourselves in their shoes,
what is the largest complaint you're hearing
from each group, both the nurses and the doctors?
Two words, overwhelm and burnout.
Overwhelm, in that the patient volumes
are just far too great.
The average physician today sees about 25 patients a day,
in average 15-minutes office visits.
Generally speaking, by about 11:30 in the morning,
they're burnt out, okay?
You don't wanna make
an afternoon appointment, then.
Right, right.
Honestly, yeah, if you're going to make an appointment,
about 9am is about the right time (laughs).
(laughs)
After they've had their coffee, before they're toast.
So, morning appointments are good things.
That's one piece, average burnout for physicians,
with the question,
"Have you experienced burnout in the past year?"
about 67%, for nurses about 72%.
There's a significant per-capita shortage
of both nurses and physicians in some environments,
most environments these days.
Specialists, not so much in the big cities.
There's actually kind of a dearth,
or I'm sorry, an overflow
of specialists in most environments.
But finding a primary care doc
is actually becoming more and more difficult,
because people going to primary care medicine
has dropped significantly, especially family medicine.
That's then.
Right.
Now what we're seeing,
and this is especially true with the current administration,
is that primary care is going to be featured
in the new model of medicine.
Uh-huh.
Okay, that the the first visit is going to be
a primary care visit.
This is gonna make primary care medicine
much more attractive to the practitioner.
It's gonna be much more of what it should be,
which is the diagnostition, the screening.
But then moving that person to, say,
a nurse case manager, a nutritionist,
someone who can educate the person,
work with them, frankly at a lower cost per visit,
to move them into a healthier lifestyle.
It makes sense.
Mm-hmm.
Kaiser Permanente, for example,
seems to be a hybridization of a lot of these things.
Everybody is assigned a primary care physician
and here you go online now at Kaiser Permanente,
and they'll have the profiles and pictures
and hobbies and philosophies
of all of the different doctors to choose from,
so a person can feel as though they're having some say
over the kind of person they wanna meet with,
and I suppose if you didn't like them,
you would move on, right?
Sure.
Find the next person until you find
one that you feel is a fit and will hear you out.
I'll again, really emphasize this.
Kaiser, to me, is the model
of future medicine in this country.
20 or 30 years ago, Kaiser was looked down upon
because it was the default mechanism
for large insurers or large employers.
The physicians who went to Kaiser 30 years or so ago,
did it because they just didn't
want to be in a general practice.
Now, the new generation,
the best docs are going to Kaiser.
It's phenomenal to see.
In addition to that, Kaiser has support structure
around those physicians that's massive,
as you are alluding to.
By the way, for your viewers,
Kaiser's health educational website
is available free to anybody.
I believe you go to kp.org,
but I'm not 100% sure about that.
Yes, I think it is kp.org.
And they have an incredible network
of information, video, educational materials for managing
things like high blood pressure or diabetes.
It's available to the general public.
Kaiser's been wonderfully generous in doing that.
In addition to that, Kaiser has nutritionists
and exercise physiologists, therapists,
that are available to their patients,
to provide the full plethora of care.
And in addition to that,
those caregivers actually work well together
and communicate well together.
It's phenomenal to watch.
The great things about Kaiser today
is that your physician is actually available by email.
You can email your doc with a question,
your doc will respond with that question.
It's those quick, in-the-moment questions
that have a lot more value,
and frankly, save office visits.
So it's cost-effective to do it that way.
The other piece about Kaiser that I absolutely love,
my background is in cardiovascular prevention,
heart disease prevention,
if you look at their heart-disease prevention statistics,
they're about twice as good
as any other system in this country.
So when you look
at population-based health management,
they are by and large the best.
So, it may sound, and I'm not an employee of Kaiser,
I'm not being paid for these statements,
and I do get to work
with every health company or group in this country.
It's good to know that there's a model
that you see holds some value for our future.
It's truly effective,
and because it's what's called an integrated model,
not integrative, but an integrated model,
meaning that the clinicians from all different walks,
from all different trainings,
communicate well with each other,
that they are integrated in their care of delivery,
as opposed to integrative,
which is more the alternative medicine.
And in some Kaiser environments,
that's actually available now as well.
So there's a nice model for that
growing within the Kaiser system.
Any final comments, both to help us
have more compassion for the medical industry
and to give people hope
that really, the medical industry isn't dead,
maybe just this incarnation,
that is too closely-linked, perhaps,
to the current pharmaceutical model that might be dead,
or not offering as much as it could to us.
First, the answer to the first part of the question,
physicians are good people.
They're good-hearted.
99.9% of them go into medicine because they want to serve.
Okay?
The other 0.1% go in because they love science,
which is not a bad thing either, you know,
it serves the population in general.
They are struggling and suffering
because of the existing system of medicine,
and they're struggling and suffering
because of the personality that's attracted to medicine:
perfectionist, obsessive-compulsive, driven, Type A.
So in many ways, they're really good people
who are just struggling.
This is why I've dedicated my life's work
to help them through those struggles.
So, have empathy, have compassion for them.
They really are good people, they're just trying.
And some are quirky, you know, as in any profession.
In addition to that, my hopefulness
in looking at the new generation of physicians coming out
is phenomenal, I love them.
They're sweet, wonderful, dedicated, excited.
They know they're gonna have huge debt,
and they're willing to struggle with that
to do good work for a community.
So I'm delighted there.
And then on top of that, there is no "alternative" anymore.
It's just medicine.
And whatever we can do to help the population do better,
whatever we can do to help the individual
have a better life, a healthier life,
however we can improve their vitality,
that's really the mission.
If I can diverge just for a second,
my wife, who's also a physician,
once told me over dinner
that the two healthiest people in her practice
are two women who are dying of cancer.
And when I start to look at that statement,
to me that's a beautiful statement.
And in many ways, as a researcher,
I'm very interested in studying what that means.
What is health?
What's vitality?
These are the questions that are starting to be asked.
And I'm gonna be ridiculousy simple about this,
in this statement, but I really, truly believe it.
About a year ago, I woke up, because of my wife's statement,
to this concept of happiness medicine,
because when people are happy in their lives,
they smoke less.
When people are happy in their lives,
they're more physically active.
they connect and relate to other people better.
They eat more healthfully.
So what's happiness,
and how does that relate to health?
And this is just a very personal mission of mine.
I'm really interested in researching,
studying that question.
And although I'll be nonspecific about this,
a very good friend of mine
at the National Institute of Health
is very interested in researching that question,
the concept of happiness and "What is health?"
as opposed to, "How do we treat disease?"
Because my view of medicine in the future
is that the goal is gonna be happiness and vitality,
not treatment of health disorders.
And to me, that's a beautiful way to do medicine,
that we shift the paradigm to well-being,
we shift the paradigm to happiness.
And we manage diseases when they show up,
but it's not the main goal,
it's not the main interest of the physician or the patient.
Beautifully stated,
and I hope that a lot of people feel a renewed,
at least respect, for what the medical doctor is up against
and what our future potentials are
and take on the responsibility
that you've said is ours to begin with.
I very much appreciate you taking the time
to explain all of this to us.
Yeah, and Regina, I really appreciate
the work that you do,
and I appreciate those who are listening, watching this,
because these are people who are interested in health.
And the best thing for a physician is to sit
across from someone who's interested in their own health.
If you're in the field of medicine
and feel that you need some support,
please visit Dr. Lipsenthal's website
at findingbalanceprograms.com.
For the rest of us,
perhaps this interview sparked some compassion
for a highly-stressed group of people.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(gentle music)